Trust Anchors in the Certificate Message (#84)
thomas-fossati/draft-tls13-iot: draft-ietf-uta-tls13-iot-profile.md

The use of certificate handles, as introduced in cTLS {{?I-D.ietf-tls-ctls}},
is a form of caching or compressing certificates as well.

> Note that the trust anchor SHOULD NOT be transmitted in the TLS Certificate
> message sent by the server. Note that the TLS specification does not prohibit
> the transmission of trust anchors in the Certificate message and some implementations
> indeed include the tust anchor. Trust anchors are provisioned via out-of-band means,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Although the TLS specification does not prohibit the transmission of trust anchors in the Certificate message, and some implementations do include them, trust anchors SHOULD NOT be transmitted in the TLS Certificate message sent by the server. Trust anchors are provisioned via out-of-band means,
```
